Now that we have the basic structure of the blockchain implemented, let me explain the key components and how they work together:
Core Blockchain Structure (internal/blockchain/):
types.go: Defines all coin types, block types, and core data structures
blockchain.go: Implements the dual blockchain system with Golden and Silver blocks
P2P Networking (internal/network/):
Handles node discovery and communication
Manages peer connections and message broadcasting
Implements block and transaction propagation
Mining System (internal/mining/):
Implements Proof of Work mining with different difficulty levels
Manages mining pools and individual miners
Handles block creation and validation
Wallet System (internal/wallet/):
Manages user wallets and keys
Handles transaction creation and signing
Implements special coin conversions (Ephraim, Manasseh, Joseph)
Command Line Interface (cmd/byc/):
Provides user-friendly commands for:
Running nodes: ./byc node --address localhost:3000
Mining: ./byc mine --coin leah --block golden
Wallet operations: ./byc wallet --action create


To complete the implementation, we still need to:
Implement the UTXO (Unspent Transaction Output) system
Add transaction signing and verification
Implement the special coin conversion logic
Add persistence for blocks and transactions
Implement proper error handling and logging
Add configuration management
Implement proper testing
Would you like me to continue with any of these remaining tasks? Or would you like to test the current implementation first?


Here are some key areas we could focus on next to enhance our system:
UTXO System:
Implement a UTXO (Unspent Transaction Output) system to track coin ownership and validate transactions.
Transaction Signing:
Add cryptographic signing to transactions to ensure they are authorized by the owner.
Special Coin Conversion Logic:
Implement the logic for converting between different coin types (e.g., Limnah to Ephraim, Onti to Manasseh, etc.).
Persistence for Blocks and Transactions:
Store blocks and transactions in a database or file system to ensure they persist across node restarts.
Error Handling and Logging:
Improve error handling and add logging to help diagnose issues in production.
Configuration Management:
Allow configuration of network ports, mining difficulty, and other parameters via a config file or environment variables.
Testing:
Add more unit and integration tests to ensure the system is robust and reliable.
Documentation:
Update the README and add inline documentation to help users and developers understand the system.
CLI Enhancements:
Add more commands to the CLI for managing the node, mining, and wallet operations.
Network Resilience:
Implement reconnection logic and peer discovery to make the network more resilient.
Which of these areas would you like to tackle next?